     ___________________________________
    |                                   |
    |     Bogdan Dumitrescu 312CAa      |
    |           homework #1             |
    |          IOCLA(PCLP2)             |
    |                                   |
    |___________________________________|

 • The program aims to implement what storing different type of data on an
array would look like. That's why we use an array of a void type.

 • The task was to implement 4 functions: add_last, add_at, delete_at, find
to which I added 4 more functions: clean_memory, input_data, 
array_realloc_function and print.

 • The main idea is to create a data structure that stores the information
read from the console and then to store all that information in the generic
array. We make sure to clean the memory used by the data structure used for
reading.
 
 • Basically, it is considered that at an index of the array, we can find 2
contiguous data structures: head and ds_info. We acces them with the following
formula:
        index = (integer_index) * (sizeof(head) + sizeof(ds_info)) 
        head    *header = arr + index
        ds_info *info   = arr + index + sizeof(head)

 • For the array storing, we use an dinamically alocated generic array, which
increases/decreases in size by powers of two.
 
 • For deleting data from the array, we free the memory used for the storing
money_to and money_from strings and then we shift the array to the left from
the next index to the end of the array

 • For adding data to the array at a specific index, we first shift the array
to the right from the end to that index, and then we insert the data at that 
position. If the index is bigger than the size of the array, we store that
data at the end of the array.

 • For erasing all the information, cleaning the memory after we exit the
program, we remove elements one by one, using the delet_at(index 0) function.
Basically we turn the array into a queue and we pop every first element.

 • For printing information, we make use of the find function, which shows
the data stored at a specific index.

  Erasing and printing are not very optimal, but I wanted to make use of 
other functions to implement them.

!!! I would be very happy if I received a big review, well explained
review on my homework regarding coding style, things I should have done
better and more, since this would help me on future projects !!!
